m
paula says I present you the waters and
Mathieu Vince and Paula you go to them
leave your places please but
why me and yes your new
comrade and mathieu is here to help him
to help him and that they are worth us first
and the big one with him what is he
do the
he does not know how to write to tea sure he
fifth when you finish you
do exercise that is on the board at
the other
he has a slave to write in his place
and then what else is not a slave
vince it's an abs a corner an assistant
of school life
an assistant he needs an assistant
to be in class and he did not even
the air handicapped pn you laughter I even
could not invite paula to the movie so if
she is all alone on the bench good ma
damn I had you need a
assistant to and I'm not disabled from
the bruche me they are thieves
parents
who are your newborns all the
stars that had in the sky for them
put in your eyes in your class all
the world in its place
only the whiteness of your smile thank you
as many years